One night passed
Nanako still didn't reply to the message.
estimate
Killed Nanako
I, Mr. Yang, go out on the street
Solve the smoke insurance at the door
I go out the back door
Go and confirm the condition of the measuring sail in person.
Operation Grave
What to do? It looks like Owen is leaving.
Before they leave
All the plans are discussed
Go back and meet up with your junior brother first
Don't act rashly
Frost Snow didn't expect the two of you to end up in person
How is that possible?
Didn't you just leave?
I forgot to take the key and come back to have a look, okay?
Just keep your hands closed and kiss
Loser
There is no way to take Miss Qin away
Sorry, both.
I will definitely come back to save you.
Lord He has caught one of Liao Fan's subordinates
He's running away all day
It will take a while recently.
Okay, got it.